Vice President, this is the bag you ordered last time
Do you need to wrap it up for you? Just give me the bag without the bag. Please wait a moment
Isn't that Sunan's trash husband just now?
Why is he here?
The threshold of your store is too low
How can all kinds of people be put in?
Miss, did you read it wrong
That is the VIP customer of our store
President of Fuji Group
He just bought a bag with more than 1 million yuan here
Vice
President of Vice Group
Yes, Miss
How can Sunan's life be so good
He actually married the president of Fuji
But it seems that he still doesn't know the true identity of Fuji
Before that, I have to find a way to take him down
What are you looking at, baby?
Nothing
Come on, let's go eat
Ah